hi today I'm gonna do you ever be on the
call coffin bein so here it comes with
Claudine and then there's staples of
pictures of coffee set up and then at
the bar it shows me pictures to and and
then like we slide thing there sighs
sturgeon sliding to the top it says
monster high and now i'm going to open
up this box hi this is it all in the box
I'm going to start to review the doll
first so the doll is Claudine and she's
got her bearings and she's also got like
a spiky sort of her bubble I just got a
fringe there and her necklace is gonna
moon at the bottom of it and she's
wearing a dress which is purple and pink
and it's got little and golden sort of I
don't know how to describe it with the
real Emma shapes and then there's like a
zip down there and then her she's a
really cool and they're black they're
blue with golden leases and she does not
she doesn't come with a stand moving on
to the coffin bean well here it gives
you like a little apron sort of thing
for their turn and the tail is a weird
tell it's like some of grave things then
you can open that up and that's where
the money goes and here is a cupcake but
only its grandeur Scott I this is like a
spot spider I'm here it's a coffee
machine and like a chocolate cross on
and here's just like what they're
selling and then here's a ground chair
it's black and bears are really cool
call from table and there's got gringo
I'm pinky
and over here is like a blue light blue
sofa and it's got a monster beat
magazine there's a picture of a monster
and then at the back there's a Dracula
advertising some perfume and in the
actual magazine there's those ability
buildings there and then there's three
ad girl three I feel sorry and here is
like a white bits no a black bitch on
top of the sofa and I just has I just
have Frankie set mother so thank you for
watching this review please leave your
comments likes and subscribes see ya